Let's practice listening in English.
Go two blocks along this street and turn left.
Would you please turn down the TV a little?
I'm uncomfortable in these new shoes.
Our sales campaign is successful in a big way.
Why can't you take things just as they are?
This is the very camera I've wanted for a long time.
Can we get to the Mars in the near future?
The clouds opened and the sun shone through.
At all events, we have done our best.
I guess that you can't do it.
Where would you like me to put this?
This is the same watch that I've lost.
I guarantee that this information is correct.
In the factory, all the equipment was up to date.
The story has come down through many years.
Why is this book loved by young people?
We insist that this project be carried out immediately.
You must not park the car in this street.
Let's see what's happening in this big country.
I had my wallet stolen on my way to the office.
Bob brought such good news that they jumped up with joy.
It was named after the first American president.
Our plan will call for a lot of money.
Is there a bus that goes to the mall?
Take care not to throw away this chance.
Autumn is the best season for going on hikes.
You make mistakes if you do things in a hurry.
I can only say that I agree with you.
Tom looked worried about the result of an English test.
This kind of magazine can do harm to young people.
In any case, it's no business of yours.
This novel is by far more interesting than that one.
Look up the word for yourself in the dictionary.
The balance at the bank stands at $2 million.
Tom has always done well in every job he has had.
If the telephone rings, can you answer it?
My aunt showed me how to make good coffee.
I can't find it in my desk.
The fence was not high enough to keep the wolves out.
The dow plunged 35 points and then bottomed out.
Our team competed with a powerful rival.
How would you like to join the dance club?
An alpaca looks like a horse and a camel.
The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.
At your age, I would think so too.
I want this work completed by 2 o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
Which do you prefer, apples or bananas?
This hat is too tight for me.
The mother told her daughter to do it herself.
I don't want to put her to even a small inconvenience.
He parked his car at the end of the street.
We saw a mountain in the distance.
This is a birthday cake with 12 candles on top.
In spite of the rain, the game was not cancelled.
Our company needs someone who is at home in advanced technology.
There's no use crying over spilt milk.
Please stay seated until we reach the terminal.
This building should be kept as a national heritage.
To everyone's astonishment, Mike won first prize in the speech contest.
These new curtains don't go well with the rugs.
That plan will probably fail in the long run.
You have to use the money wisely.
At any rate, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
Twelve people are to appear in court in Manchester.
Australia is about 20 times as large as Japan.
You and I are the same age.
This stone was so heavy that I could not lift it.
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?
This is the lost and found office.
Don't worry, we'll find the answer after all.
She is what is called a woman of culture.
The official was suspected of accepting bribes from the construction companies.
The new hotel invited suggestions from the guests.
The urban population of America is increasing.
I caught my finger in the door.
The nurse recommended that he try walking.
The lady that is speaking to that boy is his teacher.
We will take off in a few minutes.
The company has three hospitals of its own.
It is outrageous that you should spend so much money.
You should make the most of your ability.
The place is worth visiting at least once.
The professor's boring lecture put me to sleep.
Since then he had put his whole soul into his work.
Your new dress becomes you very well.
The tree cast a shadow across the road.
I'd like to know when you can send it out.
I'd like to have cake for dessert.
The press is interested in his private life.
Which shoes are you going to put on?
Sonia had a very amused look on her face.
Either you or your brother is wrong.
Your new hat is very becoming on you.
You must come to the party by all means.
There are a lot of students in the library.
That work will be finished at the end of this week.
The street lined with trees provided a vista of the sea.
The boy was used to being scolded.
The cold north wind was roaring outside.
You win an I-cook dinner for the entire family.
I would like to see Mr. Smith.
Have you ever had cheese with apple pie?
The building looks down on the whole town.
The baby can stand but can't walk.
Can you explain how this machine works?
Would you like to turn it down a little?
Mary didn't refer to the accident she had seen.
What time will the bus pick us up?
If it's not too much trouble, I would like some help.
On arriving at the station, I called a friend of mine.
You can see the roof of the house from there.
In the meantime, he went to sleep.
The river flows between the two countries.
The question was too difficult to answer.
My son disarranged the papers on the desk.
What was it that caused you to change your mind?
Have you ever been to an exhibition?
The girl is getting over mountains of difficulties.
I've warned you over and over again not to do it.
I can't study anywhere in my house.
It's too noisy.
If anything goes wrong, I'll answer for the consequences.
I need to find out exactly what went wrong.
We made a date to meet soon.
Instead of a shirt, Brian bought a jacket.
We give foreign tourists the privilege of tax exemption.
I'd like the most inexpensive room you have for four nights.
Talk of a quick election was pure speculation.
Thank you for coming all the way in this rain.
They deal in fruit and vegetables at that store.
It's two miles from here to the station.
She's intent on going to New York to study fashion.
I saw him at one time or another.
Wales are said to have lived on land long ago.
Every time I see him, he is smiling.
Feeling chilly, I turned on the heater.
Is this what you've wanted for a long time?
We all agreed that the plan made sense.
These goods are greater in quantity than in quality.
The more we learn, the better we realize our ignorance.
Wherever you may go, you'll be welcomed.
Please pick me up at the airport at five.
It was nothing less than a miracle.
A glass of orange juice refreshed me.
Weather permitting, let's go on a picnic.
However you do it, the result will be the same.
Judging from his accent, he must be from Texas.
May as well go at once.
Viewed from a distance, the island looked like a cloud.
Those officials don't understand finance at all.
The man you met at the station is my father.
When it comes to dancing, nobody can move like Michael Jackson.
He is a tall and handsome young man.
The trunk was too heavy for him to manage.
Can you tell me what this word means?
You must work hard if you are to succeed.
Excuse me, but would you kindly lift that box for me?
The newly married couple walked hand in hand.
Mike's job at home is cleaning the windows.
Arriving at the station, I found the train had already left.
We had much difficulty in finding the bus stop.
In any case, I'll call you tomorrow.
Columbus believed that the earth was round.
He would sooner rather die than work for that man.
The sperm whale can dive to a depth of 1,000 meters.
It is difficult for me to answer the question.
The rumor spread all over the town.
This question in English is anything but easy.
Cows are more useful than any other animal in this country.
In a foreign country, most of us go through culture shock.
Chemical products account for approximately two-thirds of our exports.
The burglar tied my hands behind my back with a rope.
It was an argument of little substance.
Jim didn't work hard enough so he failed the exam.
The other waiter hid the bottle I'd opened wrongly.
I hope I can manage to make both ends meet.
It's a pity that Tim has no sense of humor.
All you have to do is try hard to master English.
The manager of the team quit suddenly.
Indeed this car is small but it is powerful.
Why don't you come dancing with me?
Those present at the concert were surprised by his performance.
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
They say that the movie is an interesting one.
You should start as early as you can.
Don't walk so fast.
I can't keep up with you.
There is no man but loves his home.
You'll get a clear picture with this antenna on the roof.
Sally has been on a diet since last month.
Let's play baseball when the rain stops.
Education is one of the most essential aspects of life.
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.
It is unlikely that such a cool-headed person got upset.
Dad and mom went to the market.
Jane is something of an authority on the subject.
My sister married a high school teacher last June.
The young man saved the girl from a bunch of hoodlums.
Not having seen her before, I did not know her.
Lisa has a house which has two rooms.
Dr. Smith is the most knowledgeable expert in that subject.
Had he taken his doctor's advice, he might not have died.
The coffee was not much to my liking.
Tom is more hardworking than any other student in his class.
Could you open the door for us?
This is the picture of his own painting.
The dog drank some water and went away.
Would you like a weekend in Las Vegas?
Something must be wrong with the camera.
Why did you say such a stupid thing?
Please hang on.
I'll put him on the phone.
I'm sorry but I didn't catch what you said.
If you go anywhere, you had better tell your mother first.
When you get there, please tell him to come.
Why is he looking at me as though he knows me?
A welcome party took place in the restaurant.
The old man asked me the time.
When writing in English, she rarely makes a mistake.
The latest issue of the magazine will come out next Monday.
If you care to, you may come with us.
It's a strange story but every word of it is true.
Because my mother is sick, my father will cook today.
That's just what one would expect of him.
I ran into an old friend of mine outside the station.
I will try to solve the problem at any rate.
The task is so difficult that I cannot accomplish it.
Nancy went to London as well as Paris.
I appreciate your coming all the way.
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
They might not become great artists or composers.
It is pleasant to sleep under the tree.
The politician lost his position in the end.
This rule is applied to foreigners only.
He came in and asked for a cup of coffee.
I don't think these ink stains will come off.
This is the same pencil that I lost the other day.
The hardness of a diamond is such that it can cut glass.
The scientist gave a lecture on the structure of the universe.
You are certain to be moved deeply by the movie.
Give me a telephone call when you get back.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
The company has branches in all large cities.
The explanation is by no means satisfactory.
Gravity binds the planets to the sun.
I would rather stay at home than go out.
Let's get together and talk it over.
Jack is the most intelligent boy in the class.
I will see him after I get back.
Do you ever smoke at meal times?
It took them two years to build the house.
If anything, my new job is harder than my old one.
Steak and caviar are my favorite dishes.
Mike happened to have been absent from school.
The number of traffic accidents has increased in recent years.
We have enjoyed peace for more than 40 years.
Because the surroundings were so dark, he could not see anything.
I may as well go out than stay at home.
It was obvious that the driver had not been careful enough.
The plan was a good one apart from its cost.
However, fast you may walk, you can't catch up with him.
You don't need to go unless you want to.
Be sure to telephone by Friday, okay?
How and why did you come here?
You should think before you begin to speak.
If anything, the economy in our country is going up.
Kate was frightened to see the big dog.
We haven't seen you in the past four years.
It is clear that Mike took the wrong bus.
This table is just as large as ours.
This is a good exercise to help you lose weight.
Mr. and Mrs. Williams adopted a child whose parents were dead.
It hardly ever rains in the area.
Whatever you may say, I won't give it up.
This is the pipeline which supplies the town with gas.
This right must be protected at all costs.
But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever.
The bed takes up a lot of room.
It was used only from time to time.
How did you get tickets for the concert?
This camel is so tame that anyone can ride it.
The lion is the king of the jungle.
They accomplished their task without any difficulty.
I'll take two hours to go there.
This beddison must not be placed within the reach of children.
The last time I saw Kent, he was very well.
Her last question is about her other interest.
A boy sleeping in bed seems to be an angel.
I think I will have one more ice cream cone.
This tree is the tallest and oldest in this forest.
It's still too early to get up.
It's really hard to drive on the bumpy roads around here.
We have five English classes a week.
I must keep a secret with regard to the fact.
You may as well begin at once.
You may have swelling but don't worry about it.
I'd like to spend my holidays reading history books or classics.
This room is too hot for us to work in.
Hurry up and you'll catch the bus.
All the family got out of the car.
I never see this picture without thinking of my father.
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
You should especially not drink on an empty stomach.
Can you give me a ride to the station?
Now that you're in Italy, you must absolutely see Naples.
Now that you are in Italy, you must absolutely see Naples.
I prefer going out to staying at home.
Few were at the seaside because it was raining.
The boy can handle a knife and fork very well.
They give good service at that restaurant.
We hope you will understand the difficult circumstances we're working under.
Mike and I had a hamburger this afternoon and we talked.
There are a number of shops selling foreign books and periodicals.
Whatever you say, he won't change his mind.
I am sending a copy of my letter to you.
The ladies' funeral was held at the local church.
Which do you like better, the sea or the mountains?
It's good to talk things over before you buy something.
He said that he was afraid it would be rainy.
If it were not for air and water, nothing could live.
American films are more popular than those of any other country.
More often than not, famine is accompanied by plague.
Is there any space for one more person?
You do such a thing once too often and get punished.
The candidate waved his hand to whomever he saw.
It's time you went to the barbers.
Such a teacher may as well retire from his work.
Bad weather discouraged them from going on a picnic.
We must work as long as we live.
I usually gas up the car at this service station.
This medicine properly used will do you a lot of good.
The stadium was flooded with baseball fans.
This is the key which I have been looking for.
I must apologize to you for breaking the vase.
That country is rich in mineral resources.
What languages do they speak in Canada?
Lincoln is one of the greatest figures in American history.
The story was so complicated that I couldn't follow it.
Mount Everest is 29,002 feet above sea level.
I really appreciate all the trouble you've gone to.
English is spoken in many parts of the world.
That might be the most painful experience in my life.
Stay here and wait for him please.
It is difficult to finish the work in a day.
I will be glad to help you.
There are many kinds of animals inside this enclosure.
The view from the top of that building was magnificent.
The plan calls for a lot of money.
Are any of these within walking distance?
If she should come to Japan, Jane would be very happy.
The curve extends from point A to point B. The curve extends from point A to point B. It was so hot that she felt like eating ice cream.
It was so hot that she felt like eating ice cream.
I wish I were a little taller.
I felt relieved when all the troubles were taken care of.
It is really quite a good story.
You are not entitled to attend the meeting.
I consulted with my father about the plan.
This medicine should be taken every three hours.
The hen was sitting on the eggs in the nest.
Of these two options, I prefer the latter to the former.
I had my camera repaired at that shop.
This dog is trained to save people in the mountains.
There were few children in the classroom.
The air is bad here.
Will you open the window?
If you want a hotel, look, it's just down there.
The child heard something fall with a crash.
Since there was no bus, I had to walk.
This music reminds me of that girl.
It is time you went to school.
These potato chips are good enough to make you want more.
This will serve as a check on their work.
You should make sure of the facts before you write something.
These problems will be solved in the near future.
I went through my money in a very short time.
What's the best way for me to get a passport?
Please state your opinion with relation to this project.
There ought to be more buses during the rush hours.
While I understand what you say, I can't agree with you.
You need not have helped my son with his homework.
It began to rain and she got wet.
Jim is learning how to drive a car.
One sunny day in April, I went out for a walk.
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?
Choose the color you like best.
That TV station is on the air 24 hours a day.
He suddenly noticed his wallet was missing.
I have decided not to support the plan.
I am glad that you have returned safe.
Tom called to her across the street.
I am sorry but I don't feel like going out today.
He hoped it would lead to a basis for negotiation.
Due to bad weather, the plane arrived three hours late.
George put a chain on the dog.
What must be done if the plan proves unworkable?
There are more stars in the sky than I can count.
The girl began to cry at the sight of a dog.
Not all my classmates like the food in the cafeteria.
Not all the students were present at the class.
I was bored because I had seen the movie before.
Please pick me up by car in front of the hotel.
He looked as if he knew all about it.
This factory can turn out 200 cars a day.
I am through with my work.
Let's go out.
I play center in football and basketball.
He told me to wash my face.
It is difficult for foreign students to speak English well.
You should eat more or you won't get well soon.
This is what we want to know.
This is a picture I took last week.
That fish travels in a group, don't they?
Sometimes he has difficulty being articulate about his views.
I like it better now that I am used to it.
Are you working on this side of the city?
This is the job of my own choice.
Look up the words in your dictionary.
The brave fireman rescued a boy from the burning house.
Dr. Smith has a lot of patience.
I like my coffee after the meal.
The lake is the deepest in Russia.
Whichever you choose, make sure it is a good one.
The plant ranges from the north of Europe to the south.
You should make your ideas correspond with reality.
The dog was sleeping on the mat.
My time in school will be one of my happiest memories.
Are you sure this is the right train?
That teacher is in charge of the third year class.
With more courage, I might have proposed to Mary.
Someday you will come to realize the importance of saving.
The gum adhered to the sole of the shoe.
It's about time you were independent of your parents.
The writer is bringing out a new book next month.
I took it for granted that you knew the whole matter.
No matter what may come, I will do my duty.
If you run fast, you can catch the train.
It's difficult to feel at home in a foreign language.
I would often go skating on the lake.
There was a man and a woman sitting behind me.
The scene was clearly printed in my memory.
I would often visit the museum when I lived in London.
This song was popular in the 1970s.
There is a glass on the table.
The law enables us to receive an annuity.
Kate thought the teacher's lecture was dull, boring and endless.
We had a good deal of snow last winter.
It'll take me a long time to get over my cold.
Show me the way to the bus stop.
The sun emerged from the clouds.
After the rain, the sun emerged from the clouds.
Mr. Johnson ran fastest of the three.
Mike doesn't have to wash his mother's car today.
Say hello to your father for me.
We ought to have phoned ahead and reserved a table.
We received an acknowledgement of your letter.
It seems that Wataru devoted himself to his studies.
It seems that Wataru devoted himself to his students.
The boy could not live up to the school rules.
The clothes soaked in water overnight were heavy.
I am only too glad to help you with your work.
We could see the island in the distance.
No other dog is bigger than this.
I will go along with you as far as the station.
I felt tired from having worked for hours.
Columbus thought he had arrived in India.
I hope I could be of some help to you.
All this is visible to numerous observers.
The ball hit him on the left side of the head.
That aircraft company deals in freight only.
The house stood out because of its unusual shape.
You must observe the rules of the club.
This statue is as large as life.
I don't understand the theory at all.
The summer vacation ended all too soon.
There is only one hospital in the town.
Jogging has become the new favorite form of exercise.
He has several times as many books as I. This big gate is disproportionate to the small garden.
One third of the earth's surface is desert.
We will begin the meeting when Bob comes.
All the dinner had been eaten before he came home.
The thief ran away at the sight of a policeman.
There are none of us who do not respect his honesty.
The engineer demonstrated how to operate the sophisticated system.
Also, if you manufacture any other products, please send information.
My computer has got to be useful for something.
We need to take care of this immediately.
The old doctor gave individual attention to each patient.
That is the same color as mine.
The accident is reported in today's paper.
Some people look down on others because they have less money.
You should drive at a safe speed.
Once you have a plan, you should keep to it.
It is an hour's drive from here to there.
I am not familiar with this part of the subject.
If only I had a pretty dress like that.
The problem was too difficult for me to solve.
This box is too bulky to carry.
She became scared when she noticed the man following her.
I do hope you will get well soon.
This is the picture I took in his house.
The students were all looking forward to the summer vacation.
It is impossible to exaggerate the importance of education.
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.
You may well say so, but I cannot agree.
Should he be given another chance, he would do his best.
We can see distant objects with a telescope.
Have you applied for a passport yet?
I would like to order drinks now.
This is the reason I disagree with you.
Reading kills time on a train trip.
I love the taste when I bite into a juicy peach.
This is just what I have been looking for so long.
The boy grew up to be a great statesman.
He was worn out after hours of work.
This is the place where she works as a secretary.
The boy was lying on his stomach watching TV.
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
I am going to have John repair my watch.
Can you see a stapler somewhere around here?
Why on earth did you give him such a name?
I must start no matter how heavily it snows.
The teacher speaks good French, not to mention English.
I can't put up with that noise any longer.
The property was purchased with laundered political money.
He may be clever, but he often makes careless mistakes.
Both the boy and the girl are clever.
It's been ten years since I came to this town.
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa.
Does this bus go to the Hilton Hotel?
After I locked the doors, I went to bed.
The factory turns out 800 motorcycles a month.
The boy lost sight of his mother in the crowd.
Bob plays not only the guitar, but also the flute.
Well, personally, I don't really care for it.
We yawn when we are short of oxygen.
We spent the major part of our holidays in the country.
If you will help us, we will be very glad.
I met with an old friend of mine at the station.
We asked for the payment of his debt.
Enrique is engrossed in solving mathematical problems.
This movie is a stereotyped sob story.
What is the capital of the United States?
The old house stands on a cliff.
Not only Bill, but also Steve is crazy about computers.
Do you know what time the shop is closed?
It was very dark in Susan's room.
Do you have any alternatives to the plan?
He did not attend the meeting for that reason.
It is not possible to record in this media.
The house is not in very good condition.
Mary likes skiing the best of all.
Entering the room, I found her playing the piano.
There are people who don't like spinach.
This country has an even temperature throughout the year.
This tooth has to have a filling.
It is a great convenience to live near a station.
There are footprints of a cat on the table.
Try as you may, you can't do it in a day.
Chris brought her a present and bravely gave it to her.
Learning is one thing and common sense is another.
Jack has saved a lot of money.
My father came and opened the door.
Can you tell me where I am on this map?
My uncle brought a new TV set for us.
No matter what happens, I am prepared.
This computer often goes out of order.
Some children are swimming in the sea.
We must study the affair as a whole.
The English book is too difficult for me to read.
Not knowing what to say, she remained silent.
The post office is a good five kilometers away from here.
You couldn't pick a finer medical school than Michigan.
The uniforms are different from those of our school.
This is the first time I've seen such a dreadful movie.
The man standing by the door is a famous singer.
We can communicate with each other in many ways.
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.
What's your opinion with regard to this matter?
The new designs are much better than the old ones.
We are suffering from a severe water shortage this summer.
He was happy to have passed the examination.
Just as food feeds the body, so reading feeds the mind.
Didn't you know that he passed away two years ago?
I'm planning to stay at the hotel.
If you had not helped me, I would have failed.
I'll finish it as quickly as I can.
Would you show me a less expensive camera than this one?
But today, a lot of young people are following her example.
You shouldn't expect things to be easy.
That country's economic situation changes from day to day.
I'll show you how to catch fish.
The woman to whom you are talking is my sister.
This book is too difficult for me to understand.
I'll give you an answer in a day or two.
The question is too easy for her to answer.
Written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
We work on every day of the week except Sunday.
He was a gentle and mild-mannered old fellow.
Just a moment, I haven't made up my mind.
No one knows his address but John.
Common causes of stress are work and human relationships.
The food was strictly fish and chips.
She regretted deeply when she looked back on her life.
The prisoner was set at liberty yesterday.
An emergency may occur at any time.
This is the castle which we visited last week.
Do any of the members agree with you?
Please subscribe to the channel.